README.adoc, before:

Netflix + Spring Cloud
======================
A batch of services mimicking mighty NetFlix Open Source Platform solutions integrated with Spring Cloud.

image::Netflix{sp}OSS{sp}Architecture.png[Netflix OSS Architecture]

Run RabbitMQ in Docker
----------------------
[source.console]
𝜆 docker run -d --hostname localhost --name rabbitmq -p 4369:4369 -p 5671-5672:5671-5672 -p 25672:25672 rabbitmq:3
𝜆 docker run -d --hostname localhost --name rabbitmq-management -p 15672:15672 rabbitmq:3-management

Go to RabbitMQ console http://localhost:15672/


Run in sequence
---------------
- Run the following base Netflix services in this order:
  . Configuration service
  . Discovery service
  . Turbine service (depends on RabbitMQ)
  . Edge service
  . Dashboard (depends on RabbitMQ)

- Then run the following microservices which have @EnableEurekaClient, @EnableFeignClients, @EnableCircuitBreaker enabled, e.g.:
  * Camel Spring ("hystrix-try" branch)


References
----------
- Spring Cloud 碎碎念, http://46aae4d1e2371e4aa769798941cef698.devproxy.yunshipei.com/ggjlvzjy/article/details/50594480
- Microservice Architecture – Step by Step Tutorial, https://fernandoabcampos.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/microservice-architecture-step-by-step-tutorial/
- Spring Netflix OSS microservices, https://github.com/fernandoabcampos/spring-netflix-oss-microservices
- Spring Cloud - Netflix OSS Example, https://github.com/Oreste-Luci/netflix-oss-example


Copying
-------
Copyright © 2016 - Terrence Miao. Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3).

Commit message:

Add Spring Boot Admin which doesn't work with Eureka

README.adoc, after:

Netflix + Spring Cloud
======================
A batch of services mimicking mighty NetFlix Open Source Platform solutions integrated with Spring Cloud.

image::Netflix{sp}OSS{sp}Architecture.png[Netflix OSS Architecture]

Run RabbitMQ in Docker
----------------------
[source.console]
𝜆 docker run -d --hostname localhost --name rabbitmq -p 4369:4369 -p 5671-5672:5671-5672 -p 25672:25672 rabbitmq:3
𝜆 docker run -d --hostname localhost --name rabbitmq-management -p 15672:15672 rabbitmq:3-management

Go to RabbitMQ console http://localhost:15672/


Run in sequence
---------------
- Run the following base Netflix services in this order:
  . Configuration service
  . Discovery service
  . Turbine service (depends on RabbitMQ)
  . Edge service
  . Dashboard (depends on RabbitMQ)

- Then run the following microservices which have @EnableEurekaClient, @EnableFeignClients, @EnableCircuitBreaker enabled, e.g.:
  * Camel Spring ("hystrix-try" branch)


Spring Boot Admin
-----------------
Which does NOT work with Euerka!


References
----------
- Spring Cloud 碎碎念, http://46aae4d1e2371e4aa769798941cef698.devproxy.yunshipei.com/ggjlvzjy/article/details/50594480
- Microservice Architecture – Step by Step Tutorial, https://fernandoabcampos.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/microservice-architecture-step-by-step-tutorial/
- Spring Netflix OSS microservices, https://github.com/fernandoabcampos/spring-netflix-oss-microservices
- Spring Cloud - Netflix OSS Example, https://github.com/Oreste-Luci/netflix-oss-example


Copying
-------
Copyright © 2016 - Terrence Miao. Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3).
